Memory Leak Observations

The loop at lines 176-190 caused the memory leak, because there was no free() function
called in the loop to free the memory stored in the variable. The memory then became 
inaccessible, and used memory stacks on top at 4000 bytes per loop, until the loop ends
and 3906 KB of memory is allocated but never freed. If the loop ran 1000 times, the memory
would continue to pile on top. This is what occurred in this assignment, as the loop ran for
1000 cycles, and 4000 bytes were used each time, for a total allocated memory of 3906 KB.
If it ran continuously for days, the memory would be allocated until all memory is exhausted.
Adding the free() function fixed the problem by allowing the memory to be freed at the end of 
each loop, and then that memory could be used again in the next loop cycle. This drastically
changed the amount of memory consumed by this code; instead of 4000 bytes leaked every loop 
for 1000 loops, the 4000 bytes of memory is constantly freed and reallocated, allowing only
4000 bytes to be the memory used by this function. This shows the importance of having the
memory freed in the loop - otherwise the memory leaks will multiply.

Python vs C Memory Management

Firstly, in Python, you do not have to initially specify the size of the array before
initializing it. In C, you have to specifically allocate the memory required for the array
before filling it, meaning you have to know the size of the array at the start. Additionally,
in Python you do not have to allocate the memory manually, while in C, that step is required.
Secondly, since in Python, you can constantly add items to an array, and Python will invisibly
edit the size of the array to fit the new items. However, in C, since the size of the array 
must be explicitly stated in the initialization, the memory must then be reallocated to fit 
the new array items. Python handles this step invisibly, while C requires explicit memory
management. Additionally, in Python, when an object has a refernce count of 0, Python
automatically frees the memory, but in C, the memory must be explicitly freed using the free()
function. Just as was seen in the first portion of the reflection, not freeing the memory 
causes memory leaks. However, in Python, there are multiple levels of protection against memory
leaks; in addition to the reference count method, Python divides objects into 3 generation
based on their lifetime and use, and then periodically scans for unreachable objects within
those generations. For example, if two variable reference each other but are no longer accessible,
Python will use its general garbage collection to scan through the variables, find that they
are no longer used, and discard them.

Garbage Collection Trade-offs

While Python's garbage collector is safe and convenient for preventing memory leaks, it does have 
trade-offs, such as using CPU cycles, pause times, and memory overhead. Python must remember the
reference count for each object, the generation number that the object is in, and how long between
scan cycles, in addition to the actual time used to scan for unreachable cycles.Therefore, a systems 
programmer may choose C's manual memory management to
save on the overhead and time that Python's automatic memory management uses. Even though C has the 
risk of potential memory leaks and crashes, it consumes minimal overhead and works efficiently.